update: Remove DivestOS warning (#2725)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/android/distributions.md

### DivestOS

If GrapheneOS isn't compatible with your phone, DivestOS is a good alternative. It supports a wide variety of phones with *varying* levels of security protections and quality control.

<div class="admonition recommendation" markdown>

![DivestOS logo](../assets/img/android/divestos.svg){ align=right }

**DivestOS** is a soft-fork of [LineageOS](https://lineageos.org).

> DivestOS inherits many [supported devices](https://divestos.org/index.php?page=devices&base=LineageOS) from LineageOS. It has signed builds, making it possible to have [verified boot](https://source.android.com/security/verifiedboot) on some non-Pixel devices. Not all supported devices support verified boot or other security features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DivestOS inherits many [supported devices](https://divestos.org/index.php?page=devices&base=LineageOS) from LineageOS. It has signed builds, making it possible to have [verified boot](../os/android-overview.md#verified-boot) on some non-Pixel devices. Not all supported devices support verified boot or other security features.
```

This is a suggestion for de-duplication, as the Android documentation on Verified Boot is already in the relevant section in the Android Overview.

[:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://divestos.org){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[:simple-torbrowser:](http://divestoseb5nncsydt7zzf5hrfg44md4bxqjs5ifcv4t7gt7u6ohjyyd.onion){ .card-link title="Onion Service" }
[:octicons-eye-16:](https://divestos.org/index.php?page=privacy_policy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
[:octicons-info-16:](https://divestos.org/index.php?page=faq){ .card-link title="Documentation" }
[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/divested-mobile){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

> [:octicons-heart-16:](https://divested.dev/pages/donate){ .card-link title=Contribute }

Reviewer: Is there any reason why the Documentation tooltip is enclosed in quotes, but not the Contribute tooltip? It looks like the proper syntax for tooltips is with quotation marks, per the [MkDocs documentation](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/tooltips/#adding-tooltips).

</div>

> The [status](https://gitlab.com/divested-mobile/firmware-empty/-/blob/master/STATUS) of firmware updates in particular will vary significantly depending on your phone model. While standard AOSP bugs and vulnerabilities can be fixed with standard software updates like DivestOS provides, some vulnerabilities cannot be patched without support from the device manufacturer, making end-of-life devices less safe even with an up-to-date alternative ROM like DivestOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [status](https://gitlab.com/divested-mobile/firmware-empty/-/blob/master/STATUS) of firmware updates in particular will vary significantly depending on your phone model. While standard AOSP bugs and vulnerabilities can be fixed with standard software updates like those provided by DivestOS, some vulnerabilities cannot be patched without support from the device manufacturer, making end-of-life devices less safe even with an up-to-date alternative distribution like DivestOS.
```

https://github.com/privacyguides/privacyguides.org/pull/2723#discussion_r1724097418
